docs(root): website content edits (#980)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/accessibility/needs/neurodiversity.mdx

Neurodiversity and neurodifference are umbrella terms referring to a group of conditions that share common features. These features often centre around differences in how people learn and process information.

> Neurodiverse people often describe themselves as having a different set of skills, abilities and ways of seeing the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those with neurodiversity often describe themselves as having a different set of skills, abilities and ways of seeing the world.
```

Reviewer: Just a politer way to say this
